OK.
So in this video we're going to take a look at the famous word press loop.
So if just head over to Google and then it was search for word press loop.
And should be taken straight to the codex.
So click on the first link which takes us to the WordPress website.
Okay.
So the loop is P HP code used by WordPress to display posts using the loop were press processes each
post to be displayed on the current page of formats according to how it matches specify criteria within
the loop Tiger's el-hage Jamal appear AP HP cold in the loop will be processed on each post.
So basically what that means is rather than what we'd done in old bootstrap blog template where we create
free separate blog posts to save repeat repeating this cold over and over again we just create one sample
blog post wood in the loop and WordPress will keep Lupron from arm pull in all the contents of the blog
posts until it's no more posts to display.
So scroll down.
Okay so to start using the word press loop when it's copied the orpen in loop tags.
So if we copy where it says the loops start here copy the first line of patch B.
And then between a get header and get footer paste this in and then copy the loop ending which is just
below.
An n paste is in leaving a little bit space in between for the content.
So if you know a little bit P P This should look quite familiar if not.
Basically all the top known is where press is chuckin if posted are available and while posts are available
it's got to loop through the content that we're put in here very soon.
And then if there's no more posts it then ends the loop and then else if there's no posts equal to the
browser the words sorry no posts much your criteria.
So now the loop is in place.
We need to pull in the content of the current post and will do that by open up the BHB tags.
Then in between these tags we pull in the content.
Then the brackets and semicolon.
So this'll print out the content of the posts while post available.
We don't currently have any post in the WordPress website but create those in the next video.
So let's save that.
And while we're going to be using this as the backup or the default template for posts we also need
to create a default template for pages if no more specific template exists.
So let's create the page.
HP will looked at the start of this video.
So which would it select all the content and copy.
And then make a new page and paste down and this page is going to be saved as the page doppie HP.
So save that they will go because this is the default template for pages rather than posts we need to
change the error message to sorry no pages much your criteria.
And save that.
So if you join me in the next video was site created some Wordpress blog posts.